Pastors message

THE SEASON OF MINISTRY

We would start this with the definition of Ministry.
Ministry simply means SERVICE. If you go deeper into this definition especially using the Merriam Webster dictionary you will discover that the definition stems from the Minister and his place of service, before the action of ministry. With this, we are good to say that you have to be apt for service and be constant in it to be effective in ministry.

As a believer, your salvation is not complete until you as an individual starts to serve God with your life. Looking at the scriptures Luke 1:70 - 74
“70: As he spake by the mouth of his holy prophets, which have been since the world began: 71: That we should be saved from our enemies, and from the hand of all that hate us; 72: To perform the mercy [promised] to our fathers, and to remember his holy covenant; 73: The oath which he sware to our father Abraham, 74: That he would grant unto us, that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies might serve him without fear,(KJV)”. and Exodus 7:16 ‘‘And thou shalt say unto him, the Lord God of the Hebrews sent me unto thee, saying, Let my people go, that they may serve me in the wilderness; and behold, hitherto thou wouldest not hear’’. You will discover that your total deliverance as a believer always leads  to SERVICE and in Service, is the SECURITY OF YOUR  DELIVERANCE.

Never assume or find yourself in a place where you think that the life you live is your own because it is a lease God has given to you to serve Him. 1Corinthians 6:19-20 ‘‘19: What? Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own. 20: For ye are bought with a price: therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit which are God’s’’

Knowing that our lives do not belong to us, we should be aware that we are stewards and have been given life in this realm of time to prepare for eternity (Timeless Realm).

The essence of our time on earth is to add our quota towards making the Kingdom of God get more populated with redeemed souls and in this realm of time is where we make eternal impact in the affairs of mankind. As a committed believer, you are expected to preach Christ wherever you find yourself.

The Benefits of Service are numerous which includes; honour, prosperity, protection, longevity, greatness ETC. and can be experienced through practical steps of service.

The more the investment of our time, finances, labour and so on go into service to God, the more we stand to make demands of heaven’s open doors in our human affairs. If your service is not truly felt in the kingdom, heaven cannot truly bless you.

These and more will be highlighted in subsequent editions.
